[docs] English improvements in api.md (#21159)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/api/api.md

### Spread

> Properties supplied to a component which are not explictly documented, are spread to the root element;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Props supplied to a component which are not explictly documented, are spread to the root element;
```

### CSS Classes

> All components accept a [`classes`](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) property to customize the styles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All components accept a [`classes`](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes) prop to customize the styles.
```

Nested components inside a component have:
- their own flattened properties when these are key to the top level component abstraction,
  for instance an `id` property for the `Input` component.
- their own `xxxProps` property when users might need to tweak the internal render method's sub-components,
  for instance, exposing the `inputProps` and `InputProps` properties on components that use `Input` internally.
- their own `xxxComponent` property for performing component injection.

> - their own `xxxRef` property when users might need to perform imperative actions,

Reviewer 2: "you" rather than "users" (addressing the reader)?

>   for instance, exposing a `inputRef` property to access the native `input` on the `Input` component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  for instance, exposing an `inputRef` prop to access the native `input` on the `Input` component.
```

Nested components inside a component have:
- their own flattened properties when these are key to the top level component abstraction,

>   for instance an `id` property for the `Input` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for instance an `id` prop for the `Input` component.
```

- their own `xxxProps` property when users might need to tweak the internal render method's sub-components,
  for instance, exposing the `inputProps` and `InputProps` properties on components that use `Input` internally.
- their own `xxxComponent` property for performing component injection.

> - their own `xxxRef` property when you might need to perform imperative actions,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- their own `xxxRef` prop when you might need to perform imperative actions,
```

   and can easily support new values in the future.

The Material-UI components use a combination of the two approaches according to the following rules:
- A *boolean* is used when **2** possible values are required.
- An *enum* is used when **> 2** possible values are required, or if there is the possibility that additional possible values may be required in the future.

Going back to the previous button example; since it requires 3 possible values, we use an *enum*.

### Ref

The `ref` is forwarded to the root element. This means that, without changing the rendered root element
via the `component` prop, it is forwarded to the outermost DOM element which the component

> renders. If you pass a different component via the `component` prop,docs: the ref will be attached

Reviewer: ```suggestion
renders. If you pass a different component via the `component` prop, the ref will be attached
```

Author: Yeah, sorry about that, lost focus from the GitHub commit message TextField :)
